(serene harp music)
- [Hachiko] We kissed and we
held hands
all the way to the store,
but we didn't say a word.
(upbeat rock music)
His hand is really warm.
Just like Nana's.
I never wanna let go of this
hand,
ever.
How can I make him
understand the way I feel?
(somber piano music)
I didn't turn away Takumi,
even though I was hanging out
with Nobuo.
Now, no matter what I
say, how can he trust me?
But the truth is
I've been holding back the whole
time.
I wanted to be Nobuo's
girlfriend,
I wanted to be close to him.
I was secretly hoping
for the day he'd hold me
every time we walked along
this path by the river.
So what does this all mean?
What are you thinking?
I'm too afraid to ask.
You can take me away
right now if you want to.
But what do I do if he thinks
I'm just some stupid girl
who falls for guys even
though she has a boyfriend?
He'll end up seriously hating
me.
(Nana gulping)
- What's with all this
pointless talk, baldy?
(Shinichi chuckles)
We just have to sell records,
right?
How hard can that be?
Just tell Kawano to hurry up
and work out our contract.
It's pretty straightforward.
Okay? You got that?
- Okay.
- God, I'm so tired of this.
My hair is gonna fall out.
I'm gonna take a bath and go to
bed.
- Huh? Aren't you gonna stay
up 'til Hachiko gets back?
- She's not coming back,
which means I lose the bet.
- Huh?
- [Nana] I bet a hundred
he's done before he starts.
- But doesn't she have a
boyfriend?
- Well, if I can't crash at
Nobuo's
then I guess I'll be a good boy
and go to my parents tonight.
- Your parents?
- Oh, hello, Ryoko, I bet
you had a long day today.
Sorry I'm calling so late.
Uh-hmm.
I'm fine, I'm coming over right
now.
See you later, Misato, take
care.
- What? You're leaving.
Seriously?
- Shin, wait.
- Huh?
- Tell me something, who's
Ryoko?
- She's the woman who raised me.
- Don't lie.
I know that you weren't raised
by a woman.
- Huh?
How do you know that?
- If you don't want people
finding out who you are
you should at least be smart
enough to use an alias.
(Shinichi sighs heavily)
- Fine, I'm not gonna give
anyone my full name ever again.
Not that I care if they find
anything out.
It's just that I don't
like people snooping around
in my personal life.
- Then maybe you should
stop doing stupid things
that freak everyone out.
You can put up a front all you
want
but you're still a kid.
We need to get your legal
guardian's signature
on the record contract.
- Oh.
- So if you don't want to see
him, I can get his signature.
- Hmm!
Do what you have to do, Yasu.
- Hey, Misato, I'm
gonna go home too.
- Huh?
- Sorry,
but I've got a lot of work to
do.
- Oh, that's fine
I really don't mind.
But does that mean you are
admitting you lost the bet?
Miss Hachiko already has a
boyfriend,
so are you all right with tha...
I mean, is Nobuo all right with
that?
- Eh, well, guys can become
pushovers
around the girls they love.
And I don't even pretend to
understand the complexities
of the female species.
- I get it,
it's sort of a complicated
situation.
I'm sorry.
I really should just stay
out of it.
- Huh!
So you're gonna be staying
here the whole summer?
Your parents don't mind that
you're away?
- No, no. You don't
need to worry about me.
- Do you mind if I ask
you a question?
- Um, okay.
- Misato Uehara, what
is your real name?
(Misato gasps)
(Misato chuckles)
- It's top secret.
(calm piano music)
- So she really does use a fake
name.
And she seems like
such a good girl.
I'll never understand women.
Man oh man.
(phone rings)
- Hmm!
Hachi?
Oh, here she is.
Huh?
Oh, there's gonna be fireworks,
and it's nearby.
Huh! Wanna go together?
(Hachiko whimpers)
- I'll carry one.
- It's cool.
(Hachiko sighs)
- Oh!
Actually you can.
(Hachiko chuckles)
- How did you know?
- Huh? Know what?
- Exactly what I was thinking.
- Well, I didn't really know.
- We must be in sync with each
other.
- Do you really think so?
'Cause I have to admit
I'm a bit lost here.
So maybe you could tell
me what's going on.
- Is it telepathy?
- Listen to what I'm saying.
- Huh? I'm sorry.
I have a tendency to get
carried away.
- Oh no,
to tell you the truth
I really like how you sometimes
have this wild imagination.
- You're disappointed.
It's my fault.
- Wait a minute,
is this push pull game of yours
some sort of method to
make guys fall for you?
- What?
- You're such a natural
and it works so well.
- I'm not.
- What a terrible woman.
You're an agent of the Demon
Lord,
that's why you always
talk about him.
- I'm not.
- But you're the one who
said you are a horrible girl.
(Nobuo gasps)
I was joking.
- I'm sorry.
I promise I'll break it
off with Takumi.
(Nobuo gasps)
(Nobuo sighs)
It's just that...
I... I really didn't
want anyone to know
about me and Takumi.
I was pretending that
it didn't really happen.
And then I could be
your girlfriend.
I guess in the end I just
screwed up everything.
Do you hate me now?
- Huh?
No, I never could.
Stop staring at me with
those big teary eyes,
I can't help but say
whatever you want.
The thing is, I can't
take you away from him
and I don't own you.
And I don't wanna make
you sneak around either.
If we let things get outta
control now
you're just gonna end up
feeling trapped
between me and Takumi.
And you'll tear yourself apart
'cause you care about people.
But I don't think you
screwed things up.
You really shouldn't
be so hard on yourself.
I'm sure you can't help it that
you're attracted to Takumi.
And no matter how hard I try,
I just can't compete with him.
- That's not true, really.
- [Nobuo] But even so,
if you tell me
that you'll break up with
him and go out with me...
I'll do whatever it
takes to make you happy.
(Hachiko gasps)
(somber music)
For the sake of your happiness,
I will do everything
within my power.
I promise.
- Am I dreaming?
- I mean, I feel like I can do
anything with you by my side.
- But in this dream I
don't have to wake up.
- So once you've broken
up with Takumi
and sorted out your
feelings, then come to me.
I'll be waiting for you.
- Hey Nana, I've fallen
in love so many times.
But until that day,
I didn't think a guy
existed in real life
who would seriously talk
to me like that.
Is this the way Ren
talks to you, Nana?
I really wanna talk to you.
- Huh? Welcome back,
Ms. Hachiko.
- Sorry for getting
back so late.
- It's okay.
That didn't take long.
So you're alone?
- Hey, where is Shin and Yasu?
- Oh, they already took off.
- Huh? But I went to the store
to buy them all this stuff.
- Oh, sorry.
Anyway, we can just use
it for another party.
What happened to Nobuo?
- He walked me here,
but he said he has to work
in the morning,
so he went his place.
- Oh, really?
So something did happen.
- Well, I guess we can call
it a night,
I've gotta work in the morning
too.
So, mind if I jump in the
tub first?
- Oh wait, Nana's in there!
(Hachiko gasps)
- I knew you'd just barge in
here.
Some people would think
you're a real perv.
- Nana.
- Hmm?
(Nana gasps)
You can't just jump in here,
what the hell are you thinking
anyway?
- But it's cool 'cause we're
both girls.
- Look, I don't take
baths with other chicks.
- So you take baths with guys?
- Yeah, why not?
- That's just weird.
- Not as weird as taking
a bath with a female dog
that just returned home from
a walk.
- Wait, Nana!
I have to tell you
about me and Nobuo.
- Hmm?
So what's up with Nobuo?
- Well...
He asked me to go see
the fireworks with him.
- Huh?
Then go.
Does that school boy
even have a...
He's useless.
- So Yasu won the bet.
No wonder he's in charge.
It's like he knows everything
about everyone in the band.
I'll have a real talk with Nana
after I end things with Takumi.
I owe it to her.
She's the one who helped me meet
him,
and she supported me
after we got together.
I'm sure she'll be
like, "What the hell?"
If I were in Nana's shoes,
that's what I would be thinking.
I mean really, who
wouldn't think that way?
I'll say goodbye to him over the
phone.
I don't wanna see his
face when he gets hurt.
He's so full of pride.
- Lately there's been some
mosquitoes
buzzing around outside
my apartment.
It's so annoying.
- Huh? You're place too?
Oh man! I thought it
was just me.
For once I felt like the
star of the band.
- It's not a good thing.
- Mosquitoes? Well, it is
summer.
- Reira, please tell me you're
kidding.
- The paparazzi have
been coming by my place too.
I wonder whose blood
they really wanna suck.
- They must be around my
place too.
This is bad.
- It's your blood they want.
- Oh yeah,
you've got a girlfriend staying
at your place, don't you?
- Send her home
before any of them find out,
we can't afford any
scandals with you in it.
- Oh, it isn't that bad.
Ren Honjo, madly in love.
That's not disgraceful.
In fact, I think it's adorable.
- I'll tell her she has to
dress hot
whenever she goes out
from now on.
- When will we be done here?
I wanna return home
to my annoying mosquitoes.
- Then just leave.
I've already told you
that the band does just fine
with or without you, dude.
(Atsushi grunts)
(phone rings)
- Huh?
Hmm!
(phone ringing)
- Huh?
He didn't have to get
back to me that fast.
Hello.
- [Takumi] What did you
want to talk to me about?
(somber music)
Come on, what's the matter?
- I can't do it like this.
Breaking up with someone over
the phone.
That's pretty cold.
Um, can we get together to talk?
- [Takumi] Sorry, we're
doing a TV show right now.
- Oh, sorry to bug
you like this.
- That's okay.
We spend more time
sitting around
than we do shooting.
It's such a drag.
- You hardly ever go on TV.
- [Takumi] That'll be on
satellite,
they're doing a special on us.
- Oh, that's too bad
'cause we don't have satellite
TV.
- [Takumi] If you're
a fan, you should get it.
- This is no good.
Don't get sucked back in.
- What's wrong?
You don't wanna talk
about it on the phone?
Unfortunately,
my schedule's gonna be
crazy busy for a while.
- Oh, right of course.
- What is it?
Don't tell me you're pregnant.
(Hachiko gasps)
- No, that's not it!
(Takumi sighs)
- So it's something else.
Thank God.
You scared me there.
I may not look it
but I'm actually one of
those sensitive artist types.
I don't deal well with
inconveniences like that.
- I'm sorry.
Inconvenience.
(thunder crashing)
Getting a girl pregnant
is just some
inconvenience for him.
What's wrong with him?
Is he even human?
And why do I keep apologizing?
- Time to go, dude?
- Yeah.
Sorry, I gotta go right now
but I'll call you back when
I have more time to talk.
- Why bother?
In fact don't ever call me
again.
- Ah?
- So goodbye.
(Hachiko grunts)
I did it.
I told him off.
(Hachiko whimpers)
So that's it.
(phone beeping)
(Takumi scoffs)
- I think Nana's
pissed off at me.
- Nana?
Oh, you mean Hachiko.
Well, I'd be mad at you too.
"Don't tell me you're pregnant.
(sighs) You scared me."
And you say you're sensitive.
You don't have an ounce
of sensitivity.
- But it really would suck.
I was just trying to be honest.
It'd actually probably
suck the most for her.
- If that's how you feel
you really ought start
wearing condoms.
- Yeah, right.
Like you should talk.
- [Ren] But I'm cool with it.
In fact, I could go
for the family life,
but she's back on the
pill again.
What a feminist.
- And it's all about
what you want.
- He's not even calling me back.
How come?
I guess that was easy.
Why was I with someone who
didn't really care about me?
It's a harsh awakening
from my wildest dreams.
But really I knew from the start
that Takumi didn't love me.
(somber music)
There's no way that I
could hurt his feelings.
I just finally woke up
from a nightmare.
Every time we got together,
we'd go to bed and he'd say
things I wanted to hear.
And it felt really good
to touch someone.
I guess I was hoping it
would turn into real love.
But that was nothing but an
illusion.
Finally, I've woken up
to the truth.
- I'll be waiting for you.
- I'm awake now.
Because my real prince
kissed me.
Well, he doesn't look
like a typical prince
but I guess that's okay.
- Ah! You scared me!
- Sorry If it seems like I'm
stalking you.
It's just that Nana
told me where you work.
I didn't know that you worked
in a cool record store.
Wow, no wonder you have so
many records in your room.
- Oh, well I only work here
twice a week.
I also do some odd jobs
here and there.
- Oh, I see.
By the way, what time
do you get off today?
- At nine.
- Cool, then I'll just wait
for you
at the cafe next door.
- Huh?
- Come to think of it.
There are a lot of things I
don't know about Nobuo yet.
I wanna learn everything
about him.
I think his blood type is
A, which means he's serious.
Damn, I can't sit still.
How was work today?
(Nobuo screams)
- Don't sneak up on me
like that.
(somber orchestral music)
- Hey, Nobuo, are you hungry?
I came straight from work so
I haven't eaten anything yet.
- Oh, then let's go get
a bite to eat.
- It'd be cheaper if I made
you something at your place.
- Huh? My place?
No way.
- Why not?
- I told you to come to me
after you'd work things out with
Takumi.
- But I did,
that's why I came.
- It's too fast!
- I... I'm sorry.
So much stuff has happened
between now and then.
It feels more like a year
is passed than a day.
- Yeah, but it doesn't really
matter what it felt like.
One day is still one day.
- Okay then I'll try to wait one
more day.
Huh?
- Can you make stew
with beef and potatoes?
- It's my specialty.
- She's so cute.
Oh, let's just pretend
that a year has passed.
- Where's Hachiko?
- Oh, she text messaged me
saying she might not
come home tonight.
Maybe she's at her
boyfriend's again.
- What?
But I thought they were gonna
be filming until midnight.
(Nana gasps)
(somber orchestral music)
- [Hachiko] Hey Nana,
what does Ren say to you
when you're making love?
I should've asked you then.
I should've found out.
That old clawfoot bathtub
isn't around anymore